# CS-360
# Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
The goal of the Event Tracker app was to allow users to keep track of their events and send them reminders of what events were going on. The requirements of this app was to allow users to create an account, have two databases (one for user account information and one for the events they were entering into the app), a grid layout to view events, the ability to add, update, or delete events, and ask users permission to send notifications of events that were happening. 
# What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
This app contains several screens, a login screen, register screen for new users, grid layout on the main screen to display events that have been already added with a floating button to add an event, a screen to add an event with name, details, time and date, a event details screen where you can edit the event, and on the edit screen users can update or delete the event. Each screen is easy to use and displays a simple layout. The UI designs I have created will allow users to view, edit, or delete their events in an easy and pleasant way. 
# How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
I first did the layout and UI design of each screen, deciding what the functionality was going to be on each screen. I then coded the functionaliy of the buttons on each screen and going from screen to screen. I then coded for both of the databases needed for this app and the notification permission. I decided to code for each screen separately to help keep everything concise and organized. 
# How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
I used the Android emulator within Android Studio to test my code and make sure every component was functional and it take a lot of trial and error to get it working correctly. It is important to make sure test your app to make sure it is functioning the way you intended it to. 
# Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
The only part of the design and developmental process of this app that was challenging was coding the functionality of the app. This was my fist time creating a mobile app and all parts of it was challenging. I had to do a lot of research to be able to understand how to code appropriately to get this app to function correctly. 
# In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I was successful in demonstrating my knowledge and skills of creating UI layout designs within XML files and creating databases using SQL. 
